REQUIEM (Tentative Name)
=============


    It’s another cold, rainy day on the streets of London. With hood drawn as you walk the streets, you catch a glimpse of your better side on the wanted posters posted all over the walls of the churches and storefronts. Suddenly you feel a hand on your shoulder. “Take off the hood” the unknown voice implores. You’ve been found out. There is no way out but to fight. You deftly turn on the man, incapacitating him as more men turn the corner. Swiftly picking up the now unconscious man’s weapon, you steel yourself for the fight ahead. 
    Welcome to Requiem, a brand new 2D Platformer that incorporates both brawler and fighter elements to create a thrilling and fast paced player experience. But the game is not all run and gun, or “run and punch” as it were, as the ability to absorb certain enemies’ power brings a great deal more depth and uniqueness to each run, as well as enhancing some platforming elements and problem solving. 
    The initial gameplay concept is fairly straight forward. As a 2D platformer, you will have the ability to move left and right, jump, and perform a dodge roll, which will make you immune from certain attacks. You will also begin with the ability to punch and kick those foes that just won’t leave well enough alone. These punches and kicks can also be thrown in mid air for aerial combat. Additionally, there will be uppercuts and sweep kicks, capable of launching enemies into the air or striking downed foes, respectively.
Certain foes will have special abilities that differentiate them from their comrades. Once these special fiends are defeated, they will drop “power ups”, or items that will let the protagonist use enemy special abilities. The protagonist will only be able to use one “power up” at a time, however. Early concepts for special abilities include time manipulation, short-term invisibility, teleportation, stat increases, and healing. 
Requiem will aim to have a medieval theme with some modern or sci-fi alterations, such as the concepts of time travel or teleportation. The world the player interacts in will be large and include vertical progression as well as the standard horizontal progression. This will provide the player with branching paths to different obstacles. The exact plot line of Requiem has not been nailed down, but the premise will revolve around a main character who must fight through many enemies and solve some puzzles to achieve his goal. 
The team working on Requiem will consist of the Lead Programmer Jordan Stone, the Game Director Colton Terrace, the Art Director Jimmy Wu, the Writer and Storyboard Director Rod Aluise, and Game Executive Matt Walker. While each member has their own role and title, for the sake of order every member is expected to participate in and contribute to as many aspects of the project as they are able. 
